Almost hello 4 I took the role of Chang in the gray city
Tooniverse 6 is called Park Sung - tae
nice to meet you
Oh, it's empty and you have lunch four with money.
South geolro is revisiting called bath
Oh boy child going into the fourth house quickly
Well, in the gray-tailspin, it's centered on that justice story.
It's the main character.
I have to greet my twin brother.
The advance wave is now in the first place with the new entry,
I do a lot of activities in the organization to do things.
Well, that's the content of the question.
People's run to the multiple means, so I look for revenge and
Do not block the way blindly to the buoy trying to fulfill their
It's the kind of person who runs.
Information and reservations yet another nerve relationships with people to really care one month
There is a part of it that I write,
It's the kind of person who's going through twists and turns.
Uh Align the Ambassador had a four day record
There are about two words to say to the main actor .
Chung Christmas Eve itguyo This one's not about the predicament of others saying acquisitions TERRASSON
And
Death
Let me know straight thrust
4 You are expecting a lot of gray c2 too.
Yes, I'm hoping that the game will play quickly in the finish.
Very scenarios are flat and show more than what you want.
I think it's a game I can give you.
Cheap him much that he immediately released forward jusiguyo lot to the gameplay
I 'd like you to enjoy the gray city tools with me.
Thank you 1